[docs] Update operation-limits docs about HTTP status codes (#3424)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/operation-limits.mdx

limits:
  warn_only: true # warn_only mode always enabled
```

> ## HTTP Response
> 
> If you have enabled operation limits to reject any operations that exceeed the configureed limits, clients will get an `HTTP 400` response with a GraphQL error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Response format for exceeded limits

Whenever your router rejects a request because it exceeds an operation limit, the router responds with a 400 HTTP status code and a standard GraphQL error response body:
```

```json5
# HTTP 400
{
  "data": {},
  "errors": [
    {
      "message": "Maximum height (field count) limit exceeded in this operation",
      "extensions": {
        "code": "MAX_HEIGHT_LIMIT"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> If you have enabled `warn_only` mode, the response will return `HTTP 200` and execute as normal with just the added logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run your router in [`warn_only` mode](#warn_only-mode), the router logs the limit violation but executes the operation as normal, returning a 200 status code with the expected response.
```
